shortcuts: add page (#7935)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/shortcuts.md

# shortcuts

> > Use the Terminal app to run shortcuts from command line instead from the Shortcuts app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use the Terminal app to run shortcuts from command line instead from the `Shortcuts` app.
```

What about to quote all app names via backticks? I am not sure whether it's a good idea. @navarroaxel

> > Use the Terminal app to run shortcuts from command-line instead from the `Shortcuts` app.

Reviewer 2: I think the terminal is implicit in the `command-line`:
```suggestion
> Run shortcuts from command-line instead from the `Shortcuts` app.
```

Reviewer 3: I'd prefer something like this:

```suggestion
> Manage shortcuts from the command-line instead of the `Shortcuts` app.
```

> More information: <https://support.apple.com/guide/shortcuts-mac/run-shortcuts-from-the-command-line-apd455c82f02/mac>.

> - Run a shortcut called "Count holidays":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the specified shortcut (`Count holidays`):
```

I think it's better. 😄

> `shortcuts run "Count holidays"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`shortcuts run "{{Count holidays}}"`
```

It's better to use placeholder because any valid value can be instead of just `Count holidays`.

> - See list of shortcuts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print all shortcuts:
```

`shortcuts list`

> - See list of folders containing shortcuts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print all shortcut folders:
```

`shortcuts list --folders`

> - Open a shortcut called "Count holidays" in the Shortcuts editor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the specified shortcut (`Count holidays`) in the Shortcuts editor:
```

> `shortcuts view "Count holidays"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`shortcuts view "{{Count holidays}}"`
```
